README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://formly.dev">
    <img width="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ngx-formly/ngx-formly/v5/logo.svg?sanitize=true">
  </a>
  <br />
  JSON powered / Dynamic forms in Angular
  <br /><br />

  [![Npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40ngx-formly%2Fcore.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@ngx-formly/core)
  [![Downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@ngx-formly/core.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@ngx-formly/core)
  [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/formly-js/ng2-formly.svg)](https://gitter.im/formly-js/ng2-formly)
  [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/ngx-formly/ngx-formly.svg?branch=master)](https://api.travis-ci.org/ngx-formly/ngx-formly.svg?branch=master)
  [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@formlydev-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/formlydev)
</div>

---

Formly is a dynamic (JSON powered) form library for Angular that bring unmatched maintainability to your application's forms.

## Features

- 🔥 Automatic forms generation
- 📝 Easy to extend with custom field type, validation, wrapper and extension.
- ⚡️ Support multiple schemas:
    - Formly Schema (core)
    - JSON Schema
- 😍 A bunch of themes, out of the box!
- 💪 Build on top of [Angular Reactive Forms](https://angular.io/guide/reactive-forms)
- 📹 [@eggheadio course](https://egghead.io/playlists/configuration-based-reactive-angular-forms-with-ngx-formly-465f) - 20 lessons & 78 minutes

## Docs

- [Get Started](https://formly.dev/guide)
- [Themes](https://formly.dev/ui)
- [Examples](https://formly.dev/examples)

## Resources

- [Build Fast, JSON-Powered Forms on Angular With Ngx Formly](https://medium.com/better-programming/build-fast-json-powered-forms-on-angular-with-ngx-formly-b7a00733e66e?source=friends_link&sk=34fc6bdc71dd15fd255af18fb3280763)

**Supported UI libs**

| UI                                                |                                                              |                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)             | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/bootstrap) | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-bootstrap) |
| [Material2](https://github.com/angular/material2) | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/material)  | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-material)  |
| [Ionic](https://ionicframework.com)               | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/ionic)     | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-ionic)     |
| [PrimeNG](http://primefaces.org/primeng/#/)       | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/primeng)   | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-primeng)   |
| [Kendo](http://www.telerik.com/kendo-angular-ui)  | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/kendo)     | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-kendo)     |
| [NativeScript](https://www.nativescript.org)      | ||
| [NG-ZORRO](http://ng.ant.design) |     | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-ng-zorro-antd)     |

**Which Version to use?**

| Angular version | Formly version         |
| --------------- | ---------------------- |
| Angular >= 7    | `@ngx-formly/core@5.x` |
| Angular >= 6    | `@ngx-formly/core@4.x` |
| Angular >= 5    | `@ngx-formly/core@3.x` |
| Angular >= 4    | `@ngx-formly/core@2.x` |
| Angular >= 2    | `ng-formly@1.x`        |

## Core Team

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/aitboudad">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1753742?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Abdellatif Ait boudad</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://juri.dev">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/542458?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Juri Strumpflohner</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/mohammedzamakhan">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2327532?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Mohammed Zama Khan</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/beeman">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/36491?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Bram Borggreve</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/kenisteward">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12831669?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Keni Steward</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people:

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[<img alt="aitboudad" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1753742?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/aitboudad)[<img alt="mohammedzamakhan" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2327532?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/mohammedzamakhan)[<img alt="divyakumarjain" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2039134?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/divyakumarjain)[<img alt="couzic" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1380322?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/couzic)[<img alt="juristr" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/542458?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/juristr)[<img alt="franzeal" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/7455769?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/franzeal)

[<img alt="beeman" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/36491?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/beeman)[<img alt="klemenoslaj" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7548247?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/klemenoslaj)[<img alt="samtsai" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/225526?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/samtsai)[<img alt="thorgod" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/13910170?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/thorgod)[<img alt="dwaldrum" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/386721?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/dwaldrum)[<img alt="intellix" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1162531?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/intellix)

[<img alt="Krustie101" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1636728?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Krustie101)[<img alt="MarcosEllys" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/6751242?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/MarcosEllys)[<img alt="ryanjerskine" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/5464778?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ryanjerskine)[<img alt="Devqon" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/9316480?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Devqon)[<img alt="AlexTalcura" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/20095773?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/AlexTalcura)[<img alt="newsash" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6377930?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/newsash)

[<img alt="bhaidar" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1163421?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/bhaidar)[<img alt="Dayvisson" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/12189515?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Dayvisson)[<img alt="enricouniurb" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/38656571?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/enricouniurb)[<img alt="FritzHerbers" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/10029682?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/FritzHerbers)[<img alt="jrgleason" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1319151?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jrgleason)[<img alt="johannesjo" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1456265?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/johannesjo)

[<img alt="jdpnielsen" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/8746698?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jdpnielsen)[<img alt="TheMcMurder" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3059715?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/TheMcMurder)[<img alt="kenisteward" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/12831669?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/kenisteward)[<img alt="kentcdodds" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1500684?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/kentcdodds)[<img alt="LennardWesterveld" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1076589?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/LennardWesterveld)[<img alt="logvinoleg89" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/12018303?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/logvinoleg89)

[<img alt="LucasJAlba" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2780076?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/LucasJAlba)[<img alt="lucienbertin" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/10089239?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/lucienbertin)[<img alt="waffle-iron" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6912981?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/waffle-iron)[<img alt="mathijshoogland" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7372934?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/mathijshoogland)[<img alt="NanFengCheong" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7321833?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/NanFengCheong)[<img alt="Pouja" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2385144?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Pouja)

[<img alt="rafaelss95" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/11965907?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/rafaelss95)[<img alt="Riron" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/5145523?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Riron)[<img alt="milasevicius" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1790265?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/milasevicius)[<img alt="Ronen-dev" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/12510911?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Ronen-dev)[<img alt="blowsie" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/308572?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/blowsie)[<img alt="thm1118" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/3632180?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/thm1118)

[<img alt="Tom-V" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/322654?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Tom-V)[<img alt="danielcrisp" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1104814?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/danielcrisp)[<img alt="francisco-sanchez-molina" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/9049706?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/francisco-sanchez-molina)[<img alt="n3xus" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/510213?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/n3xus)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

Commit message:

doc: update readme (#2153)
Add link to "How to Build Fast, Advanced JSON-Powered Forms on Angular With ngx-formly"

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://formly.dev">
    <img width="200" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ngx-formly/ngx-formly/v5/logo.svg?sanitize=true">
  </a>
  <br />
  JSON powered / Dynamic forms in Angular
  <br /><br />

  [![Npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40ngx-formly%2Fcore.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@ngx-formly/core)
  [![Downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@ngx-formly/core.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/@ngx-formly/core)
  [![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/formly-js/ng2-formly.svg)](https://gitter.im/formly-js/ng2-formly)
  [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/ngx-formly/ngx-formly.svg?branch=master)](https://api.travis-ci.org/ngx-formly/ngx-formly.svg?branch=master)
  [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@formlydev-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/formlydev)
</div>

---

Formly is a dynamic (JSON powered) form library for Angular that bring unmatched maintainability to your application's forms.

## Features

- 🔥 Automatic forms generation
- 📝 Easy to extend with custom field type, validation, wrapper and extension.
- ⚡️ Support multiple schemas:
    - Formly Schema (core)
    - JSON Schema
- 😍 A bunch of themes, out of the box!
- 💪 Build on top of [Angular Reactive Forms](https://angular.io/guide/reactive-forms)
- 📹 [@eggheadio course](https://egghead.io/playlists/configuration-based-reactive-angular-forms-with-ngx-formly-465f) - 20 lessons & 78 minutes

## Docs

- [Get Started](https://formly.dev/guide)
- [Themes](https://formly.dev/ui)
- [Examples](https://formly.dev/examples)

## Resources

- [Build Fast, JSON-Powered Forms on Angular With Ngx Formly](https://medium.com/better-programming/build-fast-json-powered-forms-on-angular-with-ngx-formly-b7a00733e66e?source=friends_link&sk=34fc6bdc71dd15fd255af18fb3280763)
- [How to Build Fast, Advanced JSON-Powered Forms on Angular With ngx-formly](https://medium.com/better-programming/how-to-build-fast-advanced-json-powered-forms-on-angular-with-ngx-formly-77aeed406f73?source=friends_link&sk=8d4f332458a46557778a3438e8f63581)

**Supported UI libs**

| UI                                                |                                                              |                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)             | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/bootstrap) | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-bootstrap) |
| [Material2](https://github.com/angular/material2) | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/material)  | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-material)  |
| [Ionic](https://ionicframework.com)               | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/ionic)     | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-ionic)     |
| [PrimeNG](http://primefaces.org/primeng/#/)       | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/primeng)   | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-primeng)   |
| [Kendo](http://www.telerik.com/kendo-angular-ui)  | [Demo](https://formly.dev/ui/kendo)     | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-kendo)     |
| [NativeScript](https://www.nativescript.org)      | ||
| [NG-ZORRO](http://ng.ant.design) |     | [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/ngx-formly-ui-ng-zorro-antd)     |

**Which Version to use?**

| Angular version | Formly version         |
| --------------- | ---------------------- |
| Angular >= 7    | `@ngx-formly/core@5.x` |
| Angular >= 6    | `@ngx-formly/core@4.x` |
| Angular >= 5    | `@ngx-formly/core@3.x` |
| Angular >= 4    | `@ngx-formly/core@2.x` |
| Angular >= 2    | `ng-formly@1.x`        |

## Core Team

<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/aitboudad">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1753742?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Abdellatif Ait boudad</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://juri.dev">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/542458?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Juri Strumpflohner</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/mohammedzamakhan">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/2327532?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Mohammed Zama Khan</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/beeman">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/36491?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Bram Borggreve</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <a href="https://github.com/kenisteward">
        <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12831669?v=3" width="100px;" />
        <br />
        <sub><b>Keni Steward</b></sub>
      </a>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people:

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[<img alt="aitboudad" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1753742?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/aitboudad)[<img alt="mohammedzamakhan" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2327532?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/mohammedzamakhan)[<img alt="divyakumarjain" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2039134?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/divyakumarjain)[<img alt="couzic" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1380322?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/couzic)[<img alt="juristr" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/542458?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/juristr)[<img alt="franzeal" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/7455769?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/franzeal)

[<img alt="beeman" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/36491?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/beeman)[<img alt="klemenoslaj" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7548247?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/klemenoslaj)[<img alt="samtsai" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/225526?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/samtsai)[<img alt="thorgod" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/13910170?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/thorgod)[<img alt="dwaldrum" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/386721?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/dwaldrum)[<img alt="intellix" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1162531?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/intellix)

[<img alt="Krustie101" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1636728?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Krustie101)[<img alt="MarcosEllys" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/6751242?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/MarcosEllys)[<img alt="ryanjerskine" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/5464778?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ryanjerskine)[<img alt="Devqon" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/9316480?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Devqon)[<img alt="AlexTalcura" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/20095773?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/AlexTalcura)[<img alt="newsash" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6377930?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/newsash)

[<img alt="bhaidar" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1163421?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/bhaidar)[<img alt="Dayvisson" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/12189515?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Dayvisson)[<img alt="enricouniurb" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/38656571?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/enricouniurb)[<img alt="FritzHerbers" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/10029682?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/FritzHerbers)[<img alt="jrgleason" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1319151?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jrgleason)[<img alt="johannesjo" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1456265?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/johannesjo)

[<img alt="jdpnielsen" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/8746698?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jdpnielsen)[<img alt="TheMcMurder" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3059715?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/TheMcMurder)[<img alt="kenisteward" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/12831669?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/kenisteward)[<img alt="kentcdodds" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1500684?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/kentcdodds)[<img alt="LennardWesterveld" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/1076589?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/LennardWesterveld)[<img alt="logvinoleg89" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/12018303?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/logvinoleg89)

[<img alt="LucasJAlba" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2780076?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/LucasJAlba)[<img alt="lucienbertin" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/10089239?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/lucienbertin)[<img alt="waffle-iron" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/6912981?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/waffle-iron)[<img alt="mathijshoogland" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7372934?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/mathijshoogland)[<img alt="NanFengCheong" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7321833?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/NanFengCheong)[<img alt="Pouja" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2385144?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Pouja)

[<img alt="rafaelss95" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/11965907?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/rafaelss95)[<img alt="Riron" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/5145523?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Riron)[<img alt="milasevicius" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1790265?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/milasevicius)[<img alt="Ronen-dev" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/12510911?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Ronen-dev)[<img alt="blowsie" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/308572?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/blowsie)[<img alt="thm1118" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/3632180?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/thm1118)

[<img alt="Tom-V" src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/322654?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Tom-V)[<img alt="danielcrisp" src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1104814?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/danielcrisp)[<img alt="francisco-sanchez-molina" src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/9049706?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/francisco-sanchez-molina)[<img alt="n3xus" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/510213?v=4&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/n3xus)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->
