demo/src/app/guides/introduction.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xNiCHsSAsXo" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

# Quick Start

Follow these steps to get started with Ngx Formly. Also check out our [demos](https://formly.dev/examples) for further examples.

1. Install Formly packages:

  - Installing with `ng add` (recomanded):
    ```bash
    ng add @ngx-formly/schematics --ui-theme=bootstrap
    ```

    - `ui-theme`: is optional flag which allows choosing the UI theme to install along with the core package, choose one of the following themes:
      - `bootstrap`
      - `material`
      - `ionic`
      - `primeng`
      - `kendo`
      - `nativescript`

  - Installing with `npm`:
    ```bash
    npm install @angular/forms @ngx-formly/core @ngx-formly/bootstrap --save
    ```
    - replace `bootstrap` with one of the following available themes: `material`, `ionic`, `primeng`, `kendo`, `nativescript`.

Once installed, `FormlyModule` will be imported in the `AppModule`:

```patch
import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
+ import { ReactiveFormsModule } from '@angular/forms';
+ import { FormlyModule } from '@ngx-formly/core';
+ import { FormlyBootstrapModule } from '@ngx-formly/bootstrap';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    BrowserModule
+   ReactiveFormsModule,
+   FormlyModule.forRoot(),
+   FormlyBootstrapModule
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule { }
```
The forRoot() call is required at the application's root level. The forRoot() method accept a config argument where you can pass extra config, register a custom field type, wrapper and validation.

2. add `<formly-form>` inside the `form` tag to your `AppComponent` template:

```html
<form [formGroup]="form" (ngSubmit)="onSubmit(model)">
  <formly-form [form]="form" [fields]="fields" [model]="model"></formly-form>
  <button type="submit" class="btn btn-default">Submit</button>
</form>
```

The `<formly-form>` component is the main container of the form, which will build and render form fields, it accept the following inputs:

- `fields`: The field configurations for building the form.
- `form`: The form instance which allow to track model value and validation status.
- `model`: The model to be represented by the form.

For more details check [Properties and Options](./guide/properties-options).

3. Configure our defined form:

```ts
import {Component} from '@angular/core';
import {FormGroup} from '@angular/forms';
import {FormlyFieldConfig} from '@ngx-formly/core';

@Component({
  selector: 'app',
  template: `
    <form [formGroup]="form" (ngSubmit)="onSubmit(model)">
      <formly-form [form]="form" [fields]="fields" [model]="model"></formly-form>
      <button type="submit" class="btn btn-default">Submit</button>
    </form>
  `,
})
export class AppComponent {
  form = new FormGroup({});
  model = { email: 'email@gmail.com' };
  fields: FormlyFieldConfig[] = [
    {
      key: 'email',
      type: 'input',
      templateOptions: {
        label: 'Email address',
        placeholder: 'Enter email',
        required: true,
      }
    }
  ];

  onSubmit(model) {
    console.log(model);
  }
}
```

That's it, the above example will render an email input
that is marked required and filled with 'email@gmail.com' value.

<div align="center">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://stackblitz.com/edit/formly-starter-example?ctl=1&embed=1&file=src/app/app.component.html&hideExplorer=1&hideNavigation=1&view=preview"></iframe>
</div>

From there, it's just JavaScript. Allowing for DRY, maintainable, reusable forms.

<hr>

To lean more check out [Formly @eggheadio course 🔥](https://egghead.io/playlists/configuration-based-reactive-angular-forms-with-ngx-formly-465f) by Juri Strumpflohner ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/juristr) - [Blog](https://juristr.com/blog)).

Commit message:

docs(guides): add note for Angular 13 schematics install (#3194)
fix #3191

demo/src/app/guides/introduction.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xNiCHsSAsXo" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

# Quick Start

Follow these steps to get started with Ngx Formly. Also check out our [demos](https://formly.dev/examples) for further examples.

1. Install Formly packages:

  - Installing with `ng add` (recomanded):
    ```bash
    ng add @ngx-formly/schematics --ui-theme=bootstrap
    ```

    - `ui-theme`: is optional flag which allows choosing the UI theme to install along with the core package, choose one of the following themes:
      - `bootstrap`
      - `material`
      - `ionic`
      - `primeng`
      - `kendo`
      - `nativescript`

    **Note**: Angular 13 support of Formly schematics is only available using `next` tag (`ng add @ngx-formly/schematics@next`),
    we suggest Installing with `npm` instead (see below) till the Formly `v6` stable release is ready.

  - Installing with `npm`:
    ```bash
    npm install @angular/forms @ngx-formly/core @ngx-formly/bootstrap --save
    ```
    - replace `bootstrap` with one of the following available themes: `material`, `ionic`, `primeng`, `kendo`, `nativescript`.

Once installed, `FormlyModule` will be imported in the `AppModule`:

```patch
import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
+ import { ReactiveFormsModule } from '@angular/forms';
+ import { FormlyModule } from '@ngx-formly/core';
+ import { FormlyBootstrapModule } from '@ngx-formly/bootstrap';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    BrowserModule
+   ReactiveFormsModule,
+   FormlyModule.forRoot(),
+   FormlyBootstrapModule
  ],
  ...
})
export class AppModule { }
```
The forRoot() call is required at the application's root level. The forRoot() method accept a config argument where you can pass extra config, register a custom field type, wrapper and validation.

2. add `<formly-form>` inside the `form` tag to your `AppComponent` template:

```html
<form [formGroup]="form" (ngSubmit)="onSubmit(model)">
  <formly-form [form]="form" [fields]="fields" [model]="model"></formly-form>
  <button type="submit" class="btn btn-default">Submit</button>
</form>
```

The `<formly-form>` component is the main container of the form, which will build and render form fields, it accept the following inputs:

- `fields`: The field configurations for building the form.
- `form`: The form instance which allow to track model value and validation status.
- `model`: The model to be represented by the form.

For more details check [Properties and Options](./guide/properties-options).

3. Configure our defined form:

```ts
import {Component} from '@angular/core';
import {FormGroup} from '@angular/forms';
import {FormlyFieldConfig} from '@ngx-formly/core';

@Component({
  selector: 'app',
  template: `
    <form [formGroup]="form" (ngSubmit)="onSubmit(model)">
      <formly-form [form]="form" [fields]="fields" [model]="model"></formly-form>
      <button type="submit" class="btn btn-default">Submit</button>
    </form>
  `,
})
export class AppComponent {
  form = new FormGroup({});
  model = { email: 'email@gmail.com' };
  fields: FormlyFieldConfig[] = [
    {
      key: 'email',
      type: 'input',
      templateOptions: {
        label: 'Email address',
        placeholder: 'Enter email',
        required: true,
      }
    }
  ];

  onSubmit(model) {
    console.log(model);
  }
}
```

That's it, the above example will render an email input
that is marked required and filled with 'email@gmail.com' value.

<div align="center">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://stackblitz.com/edit/formly-starter-example?ctl=1&embed=1&file=src/app/app.component.html&hideExplorer=1&hideNavigation=1&view=preview"></iframe>
</div>

From there, it's just JavaScript. Allowing for DRY, maintainable, reusable forms.

<hr>

To lean more check out [Formly @eggheadio course 🔥](https://egghead.io/playlists/configuration-based-reactive-angular-forms-with-ngx-formly-465f) by Juri Strumpflohner ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/juristr) - [Blog](https://juristr.com/blog)).
